In object-oriented programming, polymorphism is the ability of a class to take on multiple forms or be treated as a base class. 
It allows objects of different classes to be accessed and manipulated through a common interface. 
Polymorphism enables flexibility & extensibility in software design, making easier to add new classes & behaviors without modifying existing code.

Now, let's break down the code snippet you provided to understand polymorphism:

java
Copy code
vehicle V = new car();

Classes: The code snippet involves two classes: vehicle and car. vehicle is likely a base class or an interface, while car is a derived class or a subclass that inherits from the vehicle class.

Object Creation: The right side of the assignment statement new car() creates a new object of the class car. This object is of type car and represents a specific car instance in memory.

Reference Variable: The left side of the assignment statement vehicle V declares a reference variable named V of type vehicle. This reference variable can hold a reference to objects of any class that is a subclass of vehicle.

Polymorphism: Here comes the polymorphic aspect. Since car is a subclass of vehicle, it can be treated as a vehicle object due to polymorphism. This means that the reference variable V, which is of type vehicle, can now hold the reference to the car object.

Interface and Method Access: Assuming there are some common methods declared in the vehicle class, you can access those methods using the reference variable V. For example, if both vehicle and car have a method start(), you can call it like this: V.start();. The method start() of the car class will be invoked.

The power of polymorphism lies in the ability to treat related classes as interchangeable, which simplifies code and enhances flexibility. By programming to a common interface (in this case, the vehicle class), you can use different derived classes (like car, bike, truck, etc.) without having to worry about their specific implementations, 
as long as they adhere to the methods and properties defined in the vehicle class. This makes your code more modular and easier to maintain and extend.